if you ever have a situation where your priorities, um don't agree with
the chain of command. Um, as a senior enlisted leader, I've had some
situations where my priorities did not agree with the chain of command
or my upper ranking chain of command. Um, the first thing that
always has toe happen is a conversation. Because I am in that upper
chain. It's easy for me to have those conversations. I'll say, Hey,
sir, Um, Hey, ma'am, Um, Hey, Master Chief, can we sit and have a conversation
for a junior sailor? It is a must. You have that conversation
as well. However, the way to get to that, you have to start with
requesting asking your lpo uh, your senior chief, your master Chief,
if you can, uh, request a meeting so that you can, um, express your
feelings and concerns about the, uh, the situation